(echoing footsteps)
(religious chant music)
(gasps)
A man clad in
the purest black...
[Zenon] I see.
So you're the stray dog
that's been
snapping at the Cult lately.
My name is Shadow.
He who lurks in the shadows
in order to hunt the shadows.
It's Shadow?
[Zenon]
You seem quite cocky for someone
who has only crushed a few of
our smaller facilities.
Too bad, none of the
Cult's core members
were anywhere near
any of those bases.
You're just a bunch of cowards
going after our
weakest minions.
Whomever or wherever we hunt,
the result is the same.
Unfortunately for you,
it isn't.
And a core member of the Cult
is right here.
As luck would have it, on this
day, you will be hunted by me,
the future Twelfth Seat of
Rounds, Zenon Griffey.
I will take your life
in the honorable service
of the Knights of Rounds!
(schwing)
(gasps)
(explosion)
(dramatic music)
(gasps)
[Shadow] So?
Where is this
"core member of the Cult"?
(angry growl)
(OPENING THEME)
(dramtic music)
[soldiers]
We've evacuated citizens
from Commercial Districts
Three through Eight.
-Close the station!
Have the trains take shelter
three stations down!
All of them!
(loud rumble)
(men screaming)
(heavy footsteps)
[captain] Fire, fire!
(gunshots)
(growls)
(steam hissing)
[knights] What?
-It healed itself?
(angry growl)
(scream)
[knights] Holy crap!
-Rally all nearby units!
-Aye, Sir!
-We'll try to keep
the monster here.
Don't worry about
damaging buildings!
-Clearance for any extreme
measures needed.
(people screaming in panic)
Do whatever it takes
to stop that thing!
Hyah!
(growls)
You monster!
[knight] Princess Iris!
The injured will
need to retreat!
This district
will soon be deserted!
Then we can start... (gasps)
(growls)
It's healing itself.
But that was an attack from
Princess Iris!
(heavy footsteps)
(growls)
Hyah!
(loud growl)
(music crescendos)
[Iris]
You can heal that, too, can you?
In that case, I'll just have to
cut you into pieces
so small you CAN'T regenerate!
(attack growl)
Hyaaaah!
(growls)
Hyah!
I'll keep going!
[Alpha]
You're only making her suffer.
Don't you realize that?
(startled gasp)
(driving techno music)
Who are you?
Alpha.
(growls)
(gasps)
The monster...
(Iris gasps)
(ting)
(dramtic choral music)
You poor thing.
I know it hurts.
You don't have to
suffer any more.
(ching)
You don't have to feel any more
pain, any more sadness.
(large explosion)
(raining)
[Iris] You're...
Wait, come back!
[Alpha] Why don't you be
a good audience member
and content yourself
with sitting back
and enjoying the show.
We are Shadow Garden,
and you will
stay out of our way.
(wind blows)
So YOU are Shadow Garden?
(loud explosion)
It's happening everywhere!
Alexia,
where in the world are you?
(raining)
(swords clashing)
(driving music)
Oh, I see...
Apparently,
I've underestimated you.
I understand how you've
managed to destroy
so many of our smaller bases.
Let me show you!
Behold the power of a future
Knight of Rounds!
[electrical discharge]
He has so much magic.
Hyaaah!
(swords clang)
(electrical discharge)
(startled gasps)
He's strong.
Dammit!
Ah, huh?
No attack?
"Future Knight of Rounds"?
(angry growl)
Hyah!
Hyaaah!
Hyah! Hyah! Hyaaah!
[Alexia] His technique has
gone beyond excellent
and into the realms
of transcendent.
But at its core...
his fencing is so ordinary.
Like I dreamed of
when I was a little girl.
My ridiculous sense of the
ideal swordplay.
(haunting violin music)
Even without the innate talent
for the sword my sister had,
I believed that, if I worked
long and hard enough,
I could be as strong as she is.
But I couldn't.
No matter how hard I tried,
I could never catch up
to the prodigy.
The best I could ever do
was to get people to compare me
to her, and laugh at me.
The fencing style of someone
with no strength and no skill:
the style of a
Fencer Ordinaire.
But I couldn't give it up.
This style, that's
nothing but a plain,
boring accumulation
of basic skills...
To me this style...
[Iris]
I like your fencing style.
(gasps)
(slashes)
(grunts in pain)
Who are you?
Show your face!
If you have so much power,
why hide your identity?!
You're nothing but a coward!
(chuckles)
We are Shadow Garden.
They who lurk in the shadows,
who hunt the shadows.
Indeed, that is the solitary
purpose of our existence.
Are you completely insane?
[Alexia] Shadow Garden?
And there's a cult?
What is going on?
[Zenon] (chuckles) All right...
Now if you really
want to have a fight,
then I will give you the fight
you've been looking for.
With these pills,
a man can awaken
to a new nature
beyond human limitations!
If an ordinary person
took them,
he would be overwhelmed by
their tremendous power and die.
(bottle cork opens) But...
(Zenon gags)
[electrical discharge]
(power yell)
(manaical laughter)
I am the Third Awakened.
(loud rumble)
Those who can control this
power are the real chosen ones.
The ones worthy to join
the Knights of Rounds.
Let me show you...
almighty power!
(intense music)
[Shadow] How hideous.
(explosion)
(Alexia gasps)
[Shadow]
If that's the best you can do,
don't claim to be almighty.
That's blasphemy.
(swords clang)
Dammit...
There is no road
to almightiness
for those using
borrowed strength.
None!
(glass shatters)
(groans)
Huh?
Playtime is over.
(gasps)
[Zenon] What is all this?
Is this magical energy?
But there's so much of it!
A single person
could never do this!
[Shadow] Once upon a time,
there was a man who wished to
withstand a nuclear bomb.
The man built his muscles,
honed his mind,
perfected his skill.
However, there were yet heights
he could not attain.
(music building)
But I couldn't
allow myself to give up.
So after years upon
years of training,
I arrived at a single solution.
If I don't want to be vaporized
in a nuclear explosion,
I must become nuclear myself.
You're out of your mind!
Let the true meaning
of "almighty"
be carved into your soul.
This is my almighty power.
I am...
atomic.
(ching)
(explosion)
(gaaah)
(loud rumbling)
(loud explosion)
(intense music)
(music building)
(ungh)
Alexia!
(intense music)
(quiet reigns)
(heavy breathing)
(water cascading)
(schwing)
[Iris] Alexia!
(gasps)
(Iris jumping)
Alexia!
I can't believe I found you.
You're all right!
Thank God!
What happened to you out there?
Are you injured at all?
Uh...
[Alexia] Thank you...
Thank you, Iris.
(mellow music)
(birds chirping)
I think there's more to the
plot than meets the eye,
but as far as the public is
concerned, the case is solved.
Wow, that's so cool.
Guess I'm done here, then.
[Alexia] No, wait!
[Cid] Hm?
[Alexia] Um...
There's something
I wanted to talk about.
You told me before that you
liked my fencing style,
remember?
Maybe it's too late...
Thank you.
You're welcome, I guess.
I have finally learned to
appreciate my sword style.
But don't think for a minute
it's because of you.
Don't you think you could have
left that last part out?
(chuckles)
Maybe, but it's true.
(sighs)
Anyway, I'm out.
[Alexia] Wait!
I mean...
We've been pretending to be a
couple for a while now.
And during the incident,
Zenon kindly got
himself killed.
So if you're interested...
I was thinking maybe
we could try to keep
this relationship
going a little longer?
(chuckles)
I'm gonna go with a "no."
Ah...
(embarrassed laugh)
Mhm!
(blood splatters)
[Kagenou] Later, massive
amounts of blood
were discovered behind
the school building,
but no body was found
in the vicinity,
and no students or faculty
were reported to be
injured or missing.
This incident would eventually
go on to become
one of the school's
Seven Mysteries:
The Bodiless Murder.
(city hustle and bustle)
[Beta] The Cult facility
where they were holding
Princess Alexia captive
was destroyed by Lord Shadow.
Zenon Griffey evaporated
without a trace.
That is my report.
The Boss Lord Shadow
really is the almighty one.
It truly was a
most magnificent light.
The entire Royal Capital bathed
in the glow of his magic.
It was like looking upon
a heavenly paradise.
I hope they've
learned their lesson
after what they observed.
They should know that
they are merely prey
to be hunted in this world.
One day, all of our enemies
will vanish in that light.
And that day...
(Beta sighs)
[Alpha] Shall we continue?
Uh, yes. Zeta has reported in.
She has found the target.
She's going to get closer
and investigate.
[Alpha]
I'll be expecting good news.
[Beta] And here is a
research report from Eta.
[Alpha]
It seems to be going smoothly.
And finally,
we do have a pressing issue.
Indeed.
(ominous music)
They are such fools to call
themselves by our name.
Although,
they do seem to be covering
their tracks rather well.
They'll never be able to escape
our all-searching eye.
It's not possible.
(ominous music)
[Iris] The Cult of Diablos,
and Shadow Garden...
There may be something
at work somewhere,
somewhere beyond our grasp.
However...
Do you suspect the
Knight Order of wrongdoing?
(Marco gasps)
Our kingdom's most renowned
sword instructor
was a dedicated supporter of
the Cult of Diablos.
And considering that fact...
(gulps)
I see.
Then we follow the plan
you have laid out?
I will put together
a new investigation team.
Glen, Marco...
I trust both of you righteous
men with all of my heart.
I'd like you to
be a part of it.
If that is your command.
I-I would be honored!
Thank you.
This object is our only clue.
First,
we'll need to find someone
who can decipher its functions.
This, "was", "ed", and "if"?
"If you wish"?
"Do", "to"...
Together, "grate"?
"Val", "you"...
[Kagenou] That girl is
definitely not a princess.
She's a natural born
killing machine.
Huh? Ow!
What was that?
Oh?
You okay?
Huh?
(shimmering)
(ENDING THEME)